README.md, before:

# Factorio-Rocket-Target

A simple GUI that tracks rocket launches or a specific payload launched against a target number. Has a command to increase the goal to enable streaming integration support and a winning message is shown when the goal is reached.

INSERT EXAMPLE IMAGE HERE

Configurable behaviour
------------------

 - Mod settings to set the starting target value and the goal type, either rockets launched or satellites launched. A list of rockets and their contents are kept by the mod so both of these settings can be changed mid game and will having previous efforts accounted for.
 - Mod setting to set if the goal type is shown as a title or not.
 - Mod setting to set the winning GUI title and message. Both are optional and if both left blank no winning message is shown. Message GUI doesn't end game.
 
Commands
----------
All commands that take strings support spaces if the strings are wrapped in quotes. i.e. "my name"

 - Add a set number to the goal and optional description text for this increase for some future use ???.
   - syntax: /rocket_target_increase_goal [TARGET_INCREASE_NUMBER] ["OPTIONAL DESCRIPTION TEXT"]
   - example: /rocket_target_increase_goal 1 "my supporter"

Commit message:

Add counter only usage for JD

README.md, after:

# Factorio-Rocket-Target

A simple GUI that tracks rocket launches or a specific payload launched against an optional target number. Has a command to increase the goal to enable streaming integration support and a winning message is shown when the goal is reached.

![Rocket Target](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/UglyPlumpHagfish-size_restricted.gif)

Configurable behaviour
------------------

 - Per player shortcut to toggle the GUI on and off with the image of a bullseye.
 - Mod settings to set the goal type, either rockets launched or satellites launched.
 - Mod setting to set the starting target value.
 - If the target value is 0 or less then no target value is shown in the GUI, just the number launched. This is for usage as a counter, rather than a goal.
 - Mod setting to set if the goal type is shown as a title or not. The goal type and number launched out of target are always shown in the GUI.
 - Mod setting to set the winning GUI title and message for when the goal is reached. Both are optional and if both left blank no winning message is shown. Message GUI doesn't end game.
 - A list of rockets and their contents are kept by the mod so all settings can be changed mid game and will having previous efforts accounted for.

Commands
----------
All commands that take strings support spaces if the strings are wrapped in quotes. i.e. "my name"

 - Add a set number to the goal and optional description text for this increase for some future use ???.
   - syntax: /rocket_target_increase_goal [TARGET_INCREASE_NUMBER] ["OPTIONAL DESCRIPTION TEXT"]
   - example: /rocket_target_increase_goal 1 "my supporter"
